README.md, before:

# readDiag

readDiag is a Python package that provides a class to read and plot the [Gridpoint Statistical Interpolation](https://dtcenter.org/community-code/gridpoint-statistical-interpolation-gsi) diagnostics files. It can be used to retrieve and investigate important information from the data assimilation process:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6088258/183511751-21032794-b38c-44c0-8719-103ed1b98547.png)

## Installation

Use either `conda` or `python -m venv` to setup a virtual environment to install readDiag:

```
conda create -n readDiag python=3.9.18
conda activate readDiag
pip install readDiag
```

or

```
python -m venv readDiag
source readDiag/bin/activate
pip install readDiag
```

**Note:** When using `python -m venv` make sure to have Python >=3.9.18 installed on your system. For more information on how to use readDiag, take a look at the project's [documentation](https://gad-dimnt-cptec.github.io/readDiag/).

<a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/legalcode" target="_blank"><img src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/png/by-nc-sa.png" alt="CC-BY-NC-SA" width="100"/></a>

Commit message:

Adicionando um pequeno parágrafo no README e bibliotecas no requirements usadas nos scripts de ML

README.md, after:

# readDiag & 
# machine learning for Radiance Channel Selection

This is a version of readDiag that utilizes machine learning methods (Random Forest, Multi-layer Perceptron, XGBoost) from the scikit-learn library. It is employed for radiance channel selection, utilizing data from AMSU-A and IASI (in the near future) diagnostics files. This project is part of Patrick dos Santos Câmara's master's degree. The installation process is the same as explained below, as the requirements.txt file contains all library versions used in this project (scikit-learn, seaborn).

readDiag is a Python package that provides a class to read and plot the [Gridpoint Statistical Interpolation](https://dtcenter.org/community-code/gridpoint-statistical-interpolation-gsi) diagnostics files. It can be used to retrieve and investigate important information from the data assimilation process:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6088258/183511751-21032794-b38c-44c0-8719-103ed1b98547.png)

## Installation

Use either `conda` or `python -m venv` to setup a virtual environment to install readDiag:

```
conda create -n readDiag python=3.9.18
conda activate readDiag
pip install readDiag
```

or

```
python -m venv readDiag
source readDiag/bin/activate
pip install readDiag
```

**Note:** When using `python -m venv` make sure to have Python >=3.9.18 installed on your system. For more information on how to use readDiag, take a look at the project's [documentation](https://gad-dimnt-cptec.github.io/readDiag/).

<a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/legalcode" target="_blank"><img src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/png/by-nc-sa.png" alt="CC-BY-NC-SA" width="100"/></a>
